[**DESCRIPTION OF THIS REPOSITORY**]<br>
This Repository includes basic JAVA SE Console and JAVA EE Web Spring Projects (SpringCore, SpringMVC, Spring AOP) with Hibernate/JPA/MySQL. Must add Spring framework jars at the lib directory (and add them to the classpath of each project) for the projects' code to run. And perform a clean on the Server and on each project (rebuilding each one), if needed. No Spring, or any other libraries, nor any previous projects' builds, included on indvidual projects. Instead, all needed jars can be found at the one and only directory repository: SpringJars. Just copy these content jars to the lib directory, at each project, and rebuild the project, if you wish. MAVEN is not used here. For Spring JPA Projects using MAVEN, including not only SpringCore, SpringMVC and SpringAOP but also Spring Data, Spring Security, Spring REST and SpringBoot, and other integrated technologies, see the other Spring repositories at: https://github.com/danielpm1982/SPRING2 and https://github.com/danielpm1982/SPRING3. JAVA8+ compatible.

[**UPDATE FEB-2020**]<br>
This repository is a collection of FINISHED projects, with no .git commit history (for each project separately) and NOT subject to change or contributions. The purpose of this and of other similar "academics" repositories in my account has been merely to store finished projects in a cloud backup, not for continuous or shared development. In case you wanna follow, issue, fork or contribute with pull requests to UNDER DEVELOPMENT projects of mine, please look for the individual repo of each respective project in my account (https://github.com/danielpm1982?tab=repositories), instead of in these "academics" repos. From now on, when under development projects are finished, I'll keep copying them to "academics" repos (as unmodifiable backup and with no .git history) but I'll start leaving the original development repos undeleted at my account as well... with all .git commit and other git objects history available in them.
